!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	2	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
all_functions	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/index.py	/^all_functions = {$/;"	v	language:Python
AverageNounPhrasesTests	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_noun_phrases.py	/^class AverageNounPhrasesTests(unittest.TestCase):$/;"	c	language:Python
AverageNounPhrasesTests	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/ratio_of_common_to_proper_nouns.py	/^class AverageNounPhrasesTests(unittest.TestCase):$/;"	c	language:Python
AverageNumberOfAdjectivesTest	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_adjectives.py	/^class AverageNumberOfAdjectivesTest(unittest.TestCase):$/;"	c	language:Python
AverageNumberOfAdjectivesTest	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_common_proper_nouns.py	/^class AverageNumberOfAdjectivesTest(unittest.TestCase):$/;"	c	language:Python
AverageNumberOfAdjectivesTest	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_proper_nouns.py	/^class AverageNumberOfAdjectivesTest(unittest.TestCase):$/;"	c	language:Python
AverageNumberOfAdjectivesTest	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_number_of_occurances.py	/^class AverageNumberOfAdjectivesTest(unittest.TestCase):$/;"	c	language:Python
AverageNumberOfConjuctionsTest	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_conjunctions.py	/^class AverageNumberOfConjuctionsTest(unittest.TestCase):$/;"	c	language:Python
AveragePrepositionalPhrasesTests	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_prepositional_phrases.py	/^class AveragePrepositionalPhrasesTests(unittest.TestCase):$/;"	c	language:Python
AverageVerbPhrasesTests	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_verb_phrases.py	/^class AverageVerbPhrasesTests(unittest.TestCase):$/;"	c	language:Python
average_noun_phrases	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/index.py	/^from average_noun_phrases import main as average_noun_phrases$/;"	i	language:Python
average_number_of_adjectives	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/index.py	/^from average_number_of_adjectives import main as average_number_of_adjectives$/;"	i	language:Python
average_number_of_common_proper_nouns	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/index.py	/^from average_number_of_common_proper_nouns import main as average_number_of_common_proper_nouns$/;"	i	language:Python
average_number_of_conjunctions	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/index.py	/^from average_number_of_conjunctions import main as average_number_of_conjunctions$/;"	i	language:Python
average_number_of_proper_nouns	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/index.py	/^from average_number_of_proper_nouns import main as average_number_of_proper_nouns$/;"	i	language:Python
average_prepositional_phrases	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/index.py	/^from average_prepositional_phrases import main as average_prepositional_phrases$/;"	i	language:Python
average_verb_phrases	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/index.py	/^from average_verb_phrases import main as average_verb_phrases$/;"	i	language:Python
chunk	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/tag_chunker.py	/^import nltk.chunk$/;"	i	language:Python
chunked_words	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/story.py	/^    def chunked_words(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:Story
ChunkParser	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/tag_chunker.py	/^class ChunkParser(nltk.ChunkParserI):$/;"	c	language:Python
CountTotalsTest	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_total_of.py	/^class CountTotalsTest(unittest.TestCase):$/;"	c	language:Python
data	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/story.py	/^import nltk.data$/;"	i	language:Python
get_book_by_id	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/story.py	/^from retrieval.get_book_by_id import main as get_book_by_id$/;"	i	language:Python
itertools	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/tag_chunker.py	/^import itertools$/;"	i	language:Python
length_of_document	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/index.py	/^from length_of_document import main as length_of_document$/;"	i	language:Python
main	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_noun_phrases.py	/^def main(book):$/;"	f	language:Python
main	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_adjectives.py	/^main = make_main(['JJ', 'JJR', 'JJS'])$/;"	v	language:Python
main	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_common_proper_nouns.py	/^main = make_main(['NN', 'NNS', 'NNP', 'NNPS'])$/;"	v	language:Python
main	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_conjunctions.py	/^main = make_main(['CC', 'IN'])$/;"	v	language:Python
main	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_proper_nouns.py	/^main = make_main(['NNP', 'NNPS'])$/;"	v	language:Python
main	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_prepositional_phrases.py	/^def main(book):$/;"	f	language:Python
main	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_verb_phrases.py	/^def main(book):$/;"	f	language:Python
main	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_number_of_occurances.py	/^    def main(book):$/;"	f	language:Python	function:make_main
main	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_total_of.py	/^    def main(book):$/;"	f	language:Python	function:make_total_count
main	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_total_of.py	/^    def main(book):$/;"	f	language:Python	function:make_total_phrases
main	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/ratio_of_common_to_proper_nouns.py	/^def main(book):$/;"	f	language:Python
make_main	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_adjectives.py	/^from process.count_number_of_occurances import make_main$/;"	i	language:Python
make_main	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_common_proper_nouns.py	/^from process.count_number_of_occurances import make_main$/;"	i	language:Python
make_main	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_conjunctions.py	/^from process.count_number_of_occurances import make_main$/;"	i	language:Python
make_main	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_proper_nouns.py	/^from process.count_number_of_occurances import make_main$/;"	i	language:Python
make_main	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_number_of_occurances.py	/^def make_main(list_of_phrases):$/;"	f	language:Python
make_total_count	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_total_of.py	/^def make_total_count(types):$/;"	f	language:Python
make_total_phrases	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_total_of.py	/^def make_total_phrases(phrase_types):$/;"	f	language:Python
nltk	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_noun_phrases.py	/^import nltk$/;"	i	language:Python
nltk	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_total_of.py	/^import nltk$/;"	i	language:Python
nltk	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/story.py	/^import nltk.data$/;"	i	language:Python
nltk	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/tag_chunker.py	/^import nltk.chunk$/;"	i	language:Python
parse	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/tag_chunker.py	/^    def parse(self, sentence):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ChunkParser
phrase_chunker	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_noun_phrases.py	/^from process.tag_chunker import phrase_chunker$/;"	i	language:Python
phrase_chunker	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/story.py	/^from process.tag_chunker import phrase_chunker$/;"	i	language:Python
phrase_chunker	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/tag_chunker.py	/^phrase_chunker = ChunkParser(nltk.corpus.conll2000.chunked_sents())$/;"	v	language:Python
pos_words	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/story.py	/^    def pos_words(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:Story
ratio_of_common_to_proper_nouns	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/index.py	/^from ratio_of_common_to_proper_nouns import main as ratio_of_common_to_proper_nouns$/;"	i	language:Python
sentences	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/story.py	/^    def sentences(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:Story
setUp	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_noun_phrases.py	/^    def setUp(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:AverageNounPhrasesTests
setUp	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_adjectives.py	/^    def setUp(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:AverageNumberOfAdjectivesTest
setUp	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_common_proper_nouns.py	/^    def setUp(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:AverageNumberOfAdjectivesTest
setUp	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_conjunctions.py	/^    def setUp(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:AverageNumberOfConjuctionsTest
setUp	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_proper_nouns.py	/^    def setUp(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:AverageNumberOfAdjectivesTest
setUp	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_prepositional_phrases.py	/^    def setUp(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:AveragePrepositionalPhrasesTests
setUp	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_verb_phrases.py	/^    def setUp(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:AverageVerbPhrasesTests
setUp	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_number_of_occurances.py	/^    def setUp(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:AverageNumberOfAdjectivesTest
setUp	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_total_of.py	/^    def setUp(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:CountTotalsTest
setUp	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/ratio_of_common_to_proper_nouns.py	/^    def setUp(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:AverageNounPhrasesTests
setUp	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/story.py	/^    def setUp(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:StoryTests
Story	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_noun_phrases.py	/^from process.story import Story$/;"	i	language:Python
Story	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_adjectives.py	/^from process.story import Story$/;"	i	language:Python
Story	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_common_proper_nouns.py	/^from process.story import Story$/;"	i	language:Python
Story	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_conjunctions.py	/^from process.story import Story$/;"	i	language:Python
Story	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_proper_nouns.py	/^from process.story import Story$/;"	i	language:Python
Story	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_prepositional_phrases.py	/^from process.story import Story$/;"	i	language:Python
Story	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_verb_phrases.py	/^from process.story import Story$/;"	i	language:Python
Story	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_number_of_occurances.py	/^from process.story import Story$/;"	i	language:Python
Story	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_total_of.py	/^from process.story import Story$/;"	i	language:Python
Story	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/ratio_of_common_to_proper_nouns.py	/^from process.story import Story$/;"	i	language:Python
Story	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/story.py	/^class Story:$/;"	c	language:Python
StoryTests	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/story.py	/^class StoryTests(unittest.TestCase):$/;"	c	language:Python
test_can_get_pos	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/story.py	/^    def test_can_get_pos(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:StoryTests
test_can_get_sentences	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/story.py	/^    def test_can_get_sentences(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:StoryTests
test_can_get_words	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/story.py	/^    def test_can_get_words(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:StoryTests
test_can_run	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_noun_phrases.py	/^    def test_can_run(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:AverageNounPhrasesTests
test_can_run	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_prepositional_phrases.py	/^    def test_can_run(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:AveragePrepositionalPhrasesTests
test_can_run	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_verb_phrases.py	/^    def test_can_run(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:AverageVerbPhrasesTests
test_can_run	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/ratio_of_common_to_proper_nouns.py	/^    def test_can_run(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:AverageNounPhrasesTests
test_count_functions	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_total_of.py	/^    def test_count_functions(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:CountTotalsTest
test_count_phrases_functions	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_total_of.py	/^    def test_count_phrases_functions(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:CountTotalsTest
test_length_of_document	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_adjectives.py	/^    def test_length_of_document(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:AverageNumberOfAdjectivesTest
test_length_of_document	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_common_proper_nouns.py	/^    def test_length_of_document(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:AverageNumberOfAdjectivesTest
test_length_of_document	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_conjunctions.py	/^    def test_length_of_document(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:AverageNumberOfConjuctionsTest
test_length_of_document	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_proper_nouns.py	/^    def test_length_of_document(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:AverageNumberOfAdjectivesTest
test_length_of_document	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_number_of_occurances.py	/^    def test_length_of_document(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:AverageNumberOfAdjectivesTest
total_number_of_adjectives	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_total_of.py	/^total_number_of_adjectives = make_total_count(['JJ', 'JJR', 'JJS'])$/;"	v	language:Python
total_number_of_common_and_proper_nouns	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_total_of.py	/^total_number_of_common_and_proper_nouns = make_total_count(['NN', 'NNS', 'NNP', 'NNPS'])$/;"	v	language:Python
total_number_of_common_and_proper_nouns	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/ratio_of_common_to_proper_nouns.py	/^from process.count_total_of import total_number_of_proper_nouns, total_number_of_common_and_proper_nouns$/;"	i	language:Python
total_number_of_conjunctions	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_total_of.py	/^total_number_of_conjunctions = make_total_count(['CC', 'IN'])$/;"	v	language:Python
total_number_of_noun_phrases	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_total_of.py	/^total_number_of_noun_phrases = make_total_phrases(['NP'])$/;"	v	language:Python
total_number_of_prepositional_phrases	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_total_of.py	/^total_number_of_prepositional_phrases = make_total_phrases(['PP'])$/;"	v	language:Python
total_number_of_proper_nouns	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_total_of.py	/^total_number_of_proper_nouns = make_total_count(['NNP', 'NNPS'])$/;"	v	language:Python
total_number_of_proper_nouns	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/ratio_of_common_to_proper_nouns.py	/^from process.count_total_of import total_number_of_proper_nouns, total_number_of_common_and_proper_nouns$/;"	i	language:Python
total_number_of_verb_phrases	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_total_of.py	/^total_number_of_verb_phrases = make_total_phrases(['VP'])$/;"	v	language:Python
traverse	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_noun_phrases.py	/^    def traverse(tree):$/;"	f	language:Python	function:main
traverse	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_prepositional_phrases.py	/^    def traverse(tree):$/;"	f	language:Python	function:main
traverse	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_verb_phrases.py	/^    def traverse(tree):$/;"	f	language:Python	function:main
traverse	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_total_of.py	/^        def traverse(tree):$/;"	f	language:Python	function:make_total_phrases.main
unittest	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_noun_phrases.py	/^import unittest$/;"	i	language:Python
unittest	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_adjectives.py	/^import unittest$/;"	i	language:Python
unittest	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_common_proper_nouns.py	/^import unittest$/;"	i	language:Python
unittest	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_conjunctions.py	/^import unittest$/;"	i	language:Python
unittest	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_number_of_proper_nouns.py	/^import unittest$/;"	i	language:Python
unittest	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_prepositional_phrases.py	/^import unittest$/;"	i	language:Python
unittest	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/average_verb_phrases.py	/^import unittest$/;"	i	language:Python
unittest	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_number_of_occurances.py	/^import unittest$/;"	i	language:Python
unittest	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/count_total_of.py	/^import unittest$/;"	i	language:Python
unittest	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/ratio_of_common_to_proper_nouns.py	/^import unittest$/;"	i	language:Python
unittest	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/story.py	/^import unittest$/;"	i	language:Python
words	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/story.py	/^    def words(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:Story
__init__	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/story.py	/^    def __init__(self, book_id, plain_text=None):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:Story
__init__	/home/charles/Programming/gutenberg_readability/src/process/tag_chunker.py	/^    def __init__(self, train_sentences):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:ChunkParser
